

Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  0.9
Time taken: 9


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  0.8
Time taken: 8


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  0.9
Time taken: 9


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  0.9
Time taken: 9


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  0.9
Time taken: 9


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.4000000000000001
Time taken: 14


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  0.8
Time taken: 8


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  0.8
Time taken: 8


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  0.9
Time taken: 9


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  0.9
Time taken: 9


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  0.9
Time taken: 9


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  0.8
Time taken: 8


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.2000000000000002
Time taken: 12


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  0.9
Time taken: 9


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  0.9
Time taken: 9


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  0.9
Time taken: 9


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  0.9
Time taken: 9


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  0.9
Time taken: 9


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  0.9
Time taken: 9


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  0.9
Time taken: 9


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  0.9
Time taken: 9


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  0.9
Time taken: 9


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  0.9
Time taken: 9


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  0.9
Time taken: 9


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  0.9
Time taken: 9


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  0.8
Time taken: 8


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  0.9
Time taken: 9


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  0.9
Time taken: 9


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  0.8
Time taken: 8


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.2000000000000002
Time taken: 12


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  0.9
Time taken: 9


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  0.9
Time taken: 9


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  0.9
Time taken: 9


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  0.9
Time taken: 9


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  0.9
Time taken: 9


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  0.9
Time taken: 9


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  0.9
Time taken: 9


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  0.9
Time taken: 9


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.4000000000000001
Time taken: 14


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  0.9
Time taken: 9


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  0.9
Time taken: 9


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.2000000000000002
Time taken: 12


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.2000000000000002
Time taken: 12


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.2000000000000002
Time taken: 12


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  0.9
Time taken: 9


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.2000000000000002
Time taken: 12


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.2000000000000002
Time taken: 12


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.2000000000000002
Time taken: 12


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.2000000000000002
Time taken: 12


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.2000000000000002
Time taken: 12


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.2000000000000002
Time taken: 12


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.2000000000000002
Time taken: 12


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.2000000000000002
Time taken: 12


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.2000000000000002
Time taken: 12


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.2000000000000002
Time taken: 12


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.2000000000000002
Time taken: 12


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.2000000000000002
Time taken: 12


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.2000000000000002
Time taken: 12


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.2000000000000002
Time taken: 12


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.2000000000000002
Time taken: 12


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.2000000000000002
Time taken: 12


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.2000000000000002
Time taken: 12


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.2000000000000002
Time taken: 12


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.2000000000000002
Time taken: 12


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.2000000000000002
Time taken: 12


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.2000000000000002
Time taken: 12


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.2000000000000002
Time taken: 12


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.2000000000000002
Time taken: 12


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.2000000000000002
Time taken: 12


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.2000000000000002
Time taken: 12


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.2000000000000002
Time taken: 12


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.2000000000000002
Time taken: 12


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.2000000000000002
Time taken: 12


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.2000000000000002
Time taken: 12


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.2000000000000002
Time taken: 12


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.2000000000000002
Time taken: 12


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.0
Time taken: 10


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.8
Time taken: 18


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.6
Time taken: 16


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.8
Time taken: 18


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.8
Time taken: 18


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.8
Time taken: 18


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.4000000000000001
Time taken: 14


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.6
Time taken: 16


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.8
Time taken: 18


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.8
Time taken: 18


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.8
Time taken: 18


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.8
Time taken: 18


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.8
Time taken: 18


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.8
Time taken: 18


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.6
Time taken: 16


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.6
Time taken: 16


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.6
Time taken: 16


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.8
Time taken: 18


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.6
Time taken: 16


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.8
Time taken: 18


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.8
Time taken: 18


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.8
Time taken: 18


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.8
Time taken: 18


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.8
Time taken: 18


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.8
Time taken: 18


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.8
Time taken: 18


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.8
Time taken: 18


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.8
Time taken: 18


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.8
Time taken: 18


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.8
Time taken: 18


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.6
Time taken: 16


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.8
Time taken: 18


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.8
Time taken: 18


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.8
Time taken: 18


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.8
Time taken: 18


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.6
Time taken: 16


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.8
Time taken: 18


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.8
Time taken: 18


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.8
Time taken: 18


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.8
Time taken: 18


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.8
Time taken: 18


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.8
Time taken: 18


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.8
Time taken: 18


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.8
Time taken: 18


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  1.8
Time taken: 18


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.4000000000000004
Time taken: 24


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.4000000000000004
Time taken: 24


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.4000000000000004
Time taken: 24


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.4000000000000004
Time taken: 24


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.4000000000000004
Time taken: 24


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.4000000000000004
Time taken: 24


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.4000000000000004
Time taken: 24


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.4000000000000004
Time taken: 24


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.4000000000000004
Time taken: 24


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.8000000000000003
Time taken: 28


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.4000000000000004
Time taken: 24


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.4000000000000004
Time taken: 24


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.4000000000000004
Time taken: 24


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.4000000000000004
Time taken: 24


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.4000000000000004
Time taken: 24


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.4000000000000004
Time taken: 24


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.4000000000000004
Time taken: 24


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.4000000000000004
Time taken: 24


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.4000000000000004
Time taken: 24


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.4000000000000004
Time taken: 24


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.4000000000000004
Time taken: 24


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.4000000000000004
Time taken: 24


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.4000000000000004
Time taken: 24


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.4000000000000004
Time taken: 24


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.4000000000000004
Time taken: 24


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.4000000000000004
Time taken: 24


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.4000000000000004
Time taken: 24


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.4000000000000004
Time taken: 24


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.4000000000000004
Time taken: 24


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.0
Time taken: 20


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.7
Time taken: 27


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.7
Time taken: 27


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.7
Time taken: 27


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.7
Time taken: 27


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.7
Time taken: 27


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.7
Time taken: 27


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.7
Time taken: 27


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.7
Time taken: 27


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.7
Time taken: 27


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.4000000000000004
Time taken: 24


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.2
Time taken: 42


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.1
Time taken: 21


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.4000000000000004
Time taken: 24


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.7
Time taken: 27


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.7
Time taken: 27


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.7
Time taken: 27


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.4000000000000004
Time taken: 24


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.4000000000000004
Time taken: 24


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.7
Time taken: 27


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.7
Time taken: 27


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.4000000000000004
Time taken: 24


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.7
Time taken: 27


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.7
Time taken: 27


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.7
Time taken: 27


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.7
Time taken: 27


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.7
Time taken: 27


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.7
Time taken: 27


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.7
Time taken: 27


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.7
Time taken: 27


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.7
Time taken: 27


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.7
Time taken: 27


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.7
Time taken: 27


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.7
Time taken: 27


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.7
Time taken: 27


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.7
Time taken: 27


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.7
Time taken: 27


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.7
Time taken: 27


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.7
Time taken: 27


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.7
Time taken: 27


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.7
Time taken: 27


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.0
Time taken: 30


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.2
Time taken: 32


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.2
Time taken: 32


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.8000000000000003
Time taken: 28


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.2
Time taken: 32


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  2.8000000000000003
Time taken: 28


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.6000000000000005
Time taken: 56


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.4
Time taken: 64


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  3.6
Time taken: 36


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.6000000000000005
Time taken: 56


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.6000000000000005
Time taken: 56


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.5
Time taken: 45


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.5
Time taken: 45


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.5
Time taken: 45


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.5
Time taken: 45


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.5
Time taken: 45


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.5
Time taken: 45


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.5
Time taken: 45


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.5
Time taken: 45


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.5
Time taken: 45


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.5
Time taken: 45


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.5
Time taken: 45


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.5
Time taken: 45


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.5
Time taken: 45


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.5
Time taken: 45


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.5
Time taken: 45


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.5
Time taken: 45


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.5
Time taken: 45


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.5
Time taken: 45


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.5
Time taken: 45


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.5
Time taken: 45


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.0
Time taken: 40


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.5
Time taken: 45


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.5
Time taken: 45


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.5
Time taken: 45


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.5
Time taken: 45


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.0
Time taken: 50


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.4
Time taken: 54


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.4
Time taken: 54


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.4
Time taken: 54


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.4
Time taken: 54


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.4
Time taken: 54


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.4
Time taken: 54


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.4
Time taken: 54


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.4
Time taken: 54


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.4
Time taken: 54


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.4
Time taken: 54


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.4
Time taken: 54


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.4
Time taken: 54


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.4
Time taken: 54


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.4
Time taken: 54


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.4
Time taken: 54


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.4
Time taken: 54


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.4
Time taken: 54


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.4
Time taken: 54


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.4
Time taken: 54


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.600000000000001
Time taken: 96


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.0
Time taken: 60


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.300000000000001
Time taken: 63


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.300000000000001
Time taken: 63


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.300000000000001
Time taken: 63


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.300000000000001
Time taken: 63


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.300000000000001
Time taken: 63


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.300000000000001
Time taken: 63


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.300000000000001
Time taken: 63


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.6000000000000005
Time taken: 56


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.300000000000001
Time taken: 63


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.300000000000001
Time taken: 63


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.300000000000001
Time taken: 63


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.6000000000000005
Time taken: 56


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.6000000000000005
Time taken: 56


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.300000000000001
Time taken: 63


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.300000000000001
Time taken: 63


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.6000000000000005
Time taken: 56


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.300000000000001
Time taken: 63


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.300000000000001
Time taken: 63


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.300000000000001
Time taken: 63


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.300000000000001
Time taken: 63


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.300000000000001
Time taken: 63


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.300000000000001
Time taken: 63


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  5.6000000000000005
Time taken: 56


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.300000000000001
Time taken: 63


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.300000000000001
Time taken: 63


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.300000000000001
Time taken: 63


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.300000000000001
Time taken: 63


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.4
Time taken: 84


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.8
Time taken: 98


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.300000000000001
Time taken: 63


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.300000000000001
Time taken: 63


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.300000000000001
Time taken: 63


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.300000000000001
Time taken: 63


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.300000000000001
Time taken: 63


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.300000000000001
Time taken: 63


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.300000000000001
Time taken: 63


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.4
Time taken: 84


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.4
Time taken: 84


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.4
Time taken: 84


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.4
Time taken: 84


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.4
Time taken: 84


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.4
Time taken: 84


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.4
Time taken: 84


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.4
Time taken: 84


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.4
Time taken: 84


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.4
Time taken: 84


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.4
Time taken: 84


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.4
Time taken: 84


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.4
Time taken: 84


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.4
Time taken: 84


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.4
Time taken: 84


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.4
Time taken: 84


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.4
Time taken: 84


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.4
Time taken: 84


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.4
Time taken: 84


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.4
Time taken: 84


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.4
Time taken: 84


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.4
Time taken: 84


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.4
Time taken: 84


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.4
Time taken: 84


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.4
Time taken: 84


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.4
Time taken: 84


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.4
Time taken: 84


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.4
Time taken: 84


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.4
Time taken: 84


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.4
Time taken: 84


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.4
Time taken: 84


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.4
Time taken: 84


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.4
Time taken: 84


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.4
Time taken: 84


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.4
Time taken: 84


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  4.800000000000001
Time taken: 48


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.4
Time taken: 64


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.4
Time taken: 64


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.4
Time taken: 64


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.4
Time taken: 64


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.4
Time taken: 64


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.600000000000001
Time taken: 96


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  12.8
Time taken: 128


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.600000000000001
Time taken: 96


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.600000000000001
Time taken: 96


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.600000000000001
Time taken: 96


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  11.200000000000001
Time taken: 112


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  11.200000000000001
Time taken: 112


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.600000000000001
Time taken: 96


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.600000000000001
Time taken: 96


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.600000000000001
Time taken: 96


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.600000000000001
Time taken: 96


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.600000000000001
Time taken: 96


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.600000000000001
Time taken: 96


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.600000000000001
Time taken: 96


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.600000000000001
Time taken: 96


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.600000000000001
Time taken: 96


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.600000000000001
Time taken: 96


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.600000000000001
Time taken: 96


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.600000000000001
Time taken: 96


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.600000000000001
Time taken: 96


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.600000000000001
Time taken: 96


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.600000000000001
Time taken: 96


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.600000000000001
Time taken: 96


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.600000000000001
Time taken: 96


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.600000000000001
Time taken: 96


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.600000000000001
Time taken: 96


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.600000000000001
Time taken: 96


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.600000000000001
Time taken: 96


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.600000000000001
Time taken: 96


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.600000000000001
Time taken: 96


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.600000000000001
Time taken: 96


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.600000000000001
Time taken: 96


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.600000000000001
Time taken: 96


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.600000000000001
Time taken: 96


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.600000000000001
Time taken: 96


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.1
Time taken: 81


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.1
Time taken: 81


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.1
Time taken: 81


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.1
Time taken: 81


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.1
Time taken: 81


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.1
Time taken: 81


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.300000000000001
Time taken: 63


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.1
Time taken: 81


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.1
Time taken: 81


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.1
Time taken: 81


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.1
Time taken: 81


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.1
Time taken: 81


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.1
Time taken: 81


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.1
Time taken: 81


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.1
Time taken: 81


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.1
Time taken: 81


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.1
Time taken: 81


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.1
Time taken: 81


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.1
Time taken: 81


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.2
Time taken: 72


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.1
Time taken: 81


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.1
Time taken: 81


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  6.300000000000001
Time taken: 63


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.1
Time taken: 81


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.1
Time taken: 81


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.1
Time taken: 81


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.1
Time taken: 81


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.1
Time taken: 81


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.1
Time taken: 81


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.1
Time taken: 81


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  12.600000000000001
Time taken: 126


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.1
Time taken: 81


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.1
Time taken: 81


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  18.0
Time taken: 180


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.1
Time taken: 81


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.8
Time taken: 108


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.1
Time taken: 81


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.8
Time taken: 108


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.8
Time taken: 108


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.8
Time taken: 108


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.1
Time taken: 81


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.8
Time taken: 108


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.8
Time taken: 108


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.8
Time taken: 108


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.8
Time taken: 108


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.8
Time taken: 108


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.8
Time taken: 108


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.8
Time taken: 108


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.8
Time taken: 108


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.8
Time taken: 108


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.8
Time taken: 108


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.8
Time taken: 108


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.8
Time taken: 108


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.8
Time taken: 108


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.8
Time taken: 108


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.8
Time taken: 108


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.8
Time taken: 108


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.8
Time taken: 108


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.8
Time taken: 108


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.8
Time taken: 108


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.8
Time taken: 108


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.8
Time taken: 108


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.8
Time taken: 108


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.8
Time taken: 108


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.8
Time taken: 108


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.8
Time taken: 108


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.8
Time taken: 108


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.8
Time taken: 108


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  7.0
Time taken: 70


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.1     % Hedgehog: 0.9
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  8.0
Time taken: 80


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  12.0
Time taken: 120


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  12.0
Time taken: 120


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.2     % Hedgehog: 0.8
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  12.0
Time taken: 120


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  9.0
Time taken: 90


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.3     % Hedgehog: 0.7
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  12.0
Time taken: 120


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.4     % Hedgehog: 0.6
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.5     % Hedgehog: 0.5
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  12.0
Time taken: 120


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  12.0
Time taken: 120


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  12.0
Time taken: 120


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.6     % Hedgehog: 0.4
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  12.0
Time taken: 120


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.7     % Hedgehog: 0.30000000000000004
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  12.0
Time taken: 120


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  12.0
Time taken: 120


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  12.0
Time taken: 120


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  12.0
Time taken: 120


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  12.0
Time taken: 120


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  12.0
Time taken: 120


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.8     % Hedgehog: 0.19999999999999996
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  12.0
Time taken: 120


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  12.0
Time taken: 120


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  12.0
Time taken: 120


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  12.0
Time taken: 120


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  12.0
Time taken: 120


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  12.0
Time taken: 120


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  12.0
Time taken: 120


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  12.0
Time taken: 120


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  12.0
Time taken: 120


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  12.0
Time taken: 120


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  12.0
Time taken: 120


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  12.0
Time taken: 120


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  12.0
Time taken: 120


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  12.0
Time taken: 120


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  12.0
Time taken: 120


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  12.0
Time taken: 120


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  12.0
Time taken: 120


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  12.0
Time taken: 120


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  12.0
Time taken: 120


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  12.0
Time taken: 120


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  12.0
Time taken: 120


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100


Simulation Results:
Number of agents: 100      % Fox: 0.9     % Hedgehog: 0.09999999999999998
After working, agents complete 150 out of 150 tasks
score:  10.0
Time taken: 100
